Amy: You're looking
much better.
Yes.
Amy: Can I get you anything?
No need.
I'll bring you
two some fresh fruit.
Oh - thank you, Lady Amy!
Popp: Hey.
The leaders just
finished their meeting.
The showdown's in five days.
[pained groan]
Hyunckel: So, they made
up their minds. Huh?
It's a collaborative
effort between countries,
so it took a bit
of discussion.
We'll be gathering
in the Carl Kingdom,
south of the Field of Death.
You know the Carl
Kingdom is in ruins.
And those very ruins will be
used as a cover to build a base.
Popp: Our group will be
heading out the day
before the attack begins.
So for the next four days,
I'm going to
my mentor's place.
Popp: It's not just me.
In fact, Maam,
and Crocodine...
And even Chiu are all
going to be training.
So, you guys just
make sure to rest up.
Yeah. I need to go
get prepared, as well.
Hyunckel: Dai.
Are you all healed up?
Dai: Yeah.
Then we have somewhere
to go, right now.
Hyunckel...
Where did...
Apollo: They've all gone.
Huh?
The showdown's set,
so the Disciples of
Avan all left to train.
Including Dai, and Hyunckel.
Amy: But...
His wounds...
They haven't fully
healed quite yet.
Why does he need to rush into
another dangerous
battle, so quickly?
He only rests when he's too
wounded to do anything else.
It's like he's cursed to keep
fighting, no matter what.
They're the only ones
who can save the world, Amy.
I know.
Our job right now
is to support them,
and do what we can
to ease their burden.
Marin: That means
Hyunckel, too.
What?
[laughing]
The thing is...
my weapons can recover from this
sort of damage on their own.
But I can fix them
if you're in a hurry.
Seems like he's in a
bad mood or something.
Yeah, it's
probably your fault.
My fault? Why's that?
Lon: You two.
Time for a lesson.
If you think the
Orichalcum is why you lost...
And not because you
were actually beaten
in evenly matched combat?
I'll straighten you both out.
Yep. I guess it was my fault.
Lon: Step outside.
Huh?! You're gonna
use an actual sword?
Hyunckel [thought]: I didn't
think he knew how to fight.
Lon: I said I'd
teach you a lesson.
That sword is this
world's greatest.
I can't make one
better... And so;
The only way you're going
to win this next battle...
Is if you get stronger!
Lon: C'mon.
What hope do you have if you
can't beat a mere blacksmith?
Dai [thought]: This is
no joke... He's strong!
Hyunckel [thought]:
"A mere blacksmith," huh?
There's more to this story.
What a shame.
Lon: It seems those weapons
will go to waste in your hands.
Once they've been restored,
I'll show you how to
really wield their power...
How to really fight!
Crocodine: That's
the Valge Whirlpool.
I'm sorry, Chiu. Look sharp.
I'm going to need
some help with this.
No problem. Glad to help!
Okay.
Matoriv: An Orichalcum
Superbeing Army...
That's bad news.
And it's not just their
strength that's bad news.
It's their mental power.
Mental power?
Forbidden Magic that gives
life to inanimate things...
is heavily affected by the
mentality of the spell's user.
Flazzard was created back when
Hadlar was obsessed
with victory.
And that horrible being was
consumed by that same desire.
I think I get it.
If that Royal Guard
that he's created
actually cares about having
a fair fight like you said,
then it means
that Hadlar himself
has grown as a
warrior after all.
And so the members
of the Royal Guard
this "new" Hadlar created...
are each even
stronger than Flazzard?
Matoriv: Not only that...
You and your friends
have won every battle
up to this point
with teamwork.
But now they're going
to use it, as well.
This will be difficult.
Tell me, Mentor, please.
There must be something
you can teach me.
Hym reflected a spell ten times
stronger than a Kafrizz...
A normal flame spell
isn't going to do a thing.
Not with that
Orichalcum form.
Popp: What can I do?
There's one thing.
Mentor!
Are you sure you can stand up?
Let me help!
Matoriv: Don't worry about me.
Speaking of Flazzard,
he was pretty
versatile, wasn't he?
Popp: Uh, yeah?
Matoriv: The ability
to use fire and ice.
Popp: R-Right.
Matoriv: The idea was decent,
but his youth and inexperience
caused his failure.
Had he used the two
elements simultaneously,
you wouldn't have
stood a chance.
Like this.
[gasp]
So, young mage. Try it.
I-I don't know. I don't
think I can do that.
Matoriv: This is your answer.
Master this and whether they're
made of Orichalcum or not,
you'll always win.
After all, this is the
strongest spell ever created...
The power of the
Grand Sorcerer Matoriv.
Quite the spell.
And I'm going to
teach it to you.
Well, if this old mage
can still pull it off.
[chuckling]
What do you mean?
Honestly, I've only ever used
this one a handful of times.
It's too scary.
Popp [thought]: Mentor
has one of the biggest egos
in the world...
and even he's scared
to use this spell?
Just what kind
of attack is this?!
Fire and ice.
They may seem like
opposites, but both
Fire and Ice-type spells
stem from the same source;
heat-based magic.
It's just a matter of whether
it's positive or negative.
Push Magic Power in
the positive direction
for a Fire-type spell...
And push it in the negative
direction for an Ice-type spell.
When a mage manages to cast
both of the elements
at the same time,
they become the ultimate
destructive force.
Let me get this
straight, then...
If I combine the two spells,
it creates an entirely
different energy...
an energy that'll
destroy anything?
Yes. That's very good.
You've grown quite perceptive.
[delighted chuckle]
It's my signature...
An Annihilation-type spell.
And spell's name?
I call it Medroa.
Medroa?
Matoriv: Like I said,
it's a difficult one.
For the spell to work you
need to be skilled enough
to create a perfect balance
between the two types of energy.
But if you can do that,
you become unbeatable.
It doesn't matter how
resilient your opponent is.
This spell will disintegrate
absolutely anything.
And now you're going to
teach this spell... to me?
Matoriv: Yeah. I will.
It's probably the only
thing that will work
on an Orichalcum enemy.
Oh, wow! Well, then.
What kind of
training do I need?
Matoriv: Popp, my boy.
The training for
this one is simple.
It'll only take an instant.
Okay, then.
That's even better!
Matoriv: Like I said; balance
is the key component here.
The two elements cannot
be at odds with one another.
So while it is simple-
you have to have the talent.
Why don't we see
if you can stop it.
Huh?
Matoriv: Cancel it out
with your own Magic Power.
What? Come on.
[whimpering]
Matoriv: This spell...
can only be cancelled
out by the same magic!
[whimpering]
Matoriv: If you
can't successfully
combine fire and ice...
you'll be erased
from this world!
What?! That's crazy, Mentor!
Matoriv: Here goes, Popp...
Don't screw up if
you want to live.
Popp [thought]: Oh, no.
This is too much for me.
I'll have to run -
try to dodge it!
Popp [thought]: That's right.
Mentor's not well.
All of that
Forbidden-level magic
he's been using
is taking its toll.
He's not as strong as he was!
Popp [thought]: This spell
takes a great effort to cast.
And he's willing
to endure it for me!
Popp [thought]:
I can't run away.
This is about more
than just a spell.
If I run from this,
I'll have no right
to call him my mentor!
There it is.
Here goes...
Medroa!
[struggling grunts]
Good! Contain it!
Popp: [roaring]
Matoriv [thought]: Oh, no...
Popp has always been
better at Fire-type spells.
The output of his left hand
is overpowering his right.
Matoriv: Popp!
You need to focus on
your Ice-type spell!
Increase the power
from your right hand!
[roaring]
I can't-
Yes, you can!
You can do it, Popp!
[roaring]
I won't quit!
Leona: Oh, man...
I wish I could train
with all the others.
[curious chirp]
A princess has a solemn
duty to her kingdom
that can't be abandoned.
[understanding chirp]
Maybe just this once?
[surprised chirp]
[chuckling]
I'm just kidding.
[amazed gasp]
Chiu: The Valge
Whirlpool split in two!
And now it's one again...
Wow! Good job!
Crocodine: It's possible.
In theory, it will work.
Uh, are you okay?
Y-Yeah. I'm fine. Sorry.
You're out here helping me when
you could be training, too.
No sweat.
I promise it'll
be worth your while.
I have a gift for you, rat.
Chiu: Huh? Really?
What is it?
But first...
One more time.
Popp: [whistling]
Wow. Not bad!
Maam: Popp?
Popp: You're actually attacking
every single drop of water.
I don't think I've ever seen
anything that fast before.
You better believe it.
In martial arts,
timing and speed are
everything to a fighter-
and I'm gonna need
both to take on
the type of enemy we're
going up against, right?
Maam: W-What
happened to your arm?
Oh, nothing.
I've been training for
a new spell with mentor.
Whenever I mess up,
this happens.
Popp: I just dropped
by to cool it off.
What kind of spell is it?
Well, you'll see when
I eventually master it.
This one's the
strongest I've ever seen.
No matter who
we end up facing,
I know I'll be
able to take 'em on.
Well, you seem confident.
Popp: You can count on me!
Maam: We have two days left.
I better keep training!
You'll have to try
a lot harder, right?
If you really want
to increase your speed?
I guess that's
why you're wearing
such an aerodynamic
outfit, am I right?
What did you say?!
[chuckling]
Nothing!
[roaring]
[trembling]
Yikes! You okay?
Popp: Was that a trap?!
It's for training
my grappling.
We're gonna be
facing enemies that are
immune to my Refractor Fist.
Popp [thought]: That's it.
I gotta smarten up, for good.
Popp [thought]: Maam is more
dangerous than I realized.
Popp: Balance...
It's about perfect balance...
Matoriv [thought]: Not again.
Popp: How's that, Mentor?
I know my Fire-type Magic
is still a bit too strong.
But... Not too far off.
I have truly...
Never once been more
impressed with your skill.
[chuckling]
Popp: That's the first
time you've ever said
you were impressed
by me at all.
Maybe it's time you retire.
Matoriv: [scoff]
You kids always get
ahead of yourselves.
Popp: I'm serious, Mentor.
I'll learn every
skill you know.
That way you don't have
to push yourself anymore.
I think... I can
take it from here.
Why did you
choose to be a Mage
when you became
a Disciple of Avan?
Huh?
Why not a kind of
Warrior, or even a Hero?
Master Avan convinced me.
It's true, y'know.
I sense a great potential
for magic inside of you.
Actually...
You kinda remind me of
an old, old friend of mine.
And that was that.
I was meant to be
a mage all along.
Matoriv [thought]:
That man really had
an eye for talent,
didn't he?
Matoriv: If you
want me to retire,
you better impress
me some more.
Zaboera: Let me out of here!
I am the Mystic
Legion Commander.
Quiet down, fool.
Lord Hadlar has
mercifully granted you
the luxury of imprisonment-
which is more than you
deserve, in my eyes.
Zaboera: I don't deserve
any of this, tin-man!
Find some remorse.
Hey! Get back here, right now!
If I may say, Lord Hadlar...
What is it, Albinass?
That prisoner
should be executed.
He is merely a parasite.
If he is allowed to live,
he will be a hindrance to
any strategy that you have.
Hadlar: It is
through his research
that my body
was enhanced.
It cost him his son.
He's earned this small mercy.
Let him cool off in his cell.
Yes. If that is your command.
Hadlar: The old me
would have killed him
without a second thought.
Am I too soft?
You are magnanimous,
if a bit too lenient
on parasites like him.
Hadlar: [chuckling]
You don't hold back, do you?
Now, Killvearn,
I have a task that
requires your skills.
Killvearn: An assassination?
I don't think Hadlar
would appreciate me
getting to the Disciples
of Avan before he does.
Oh, it's not the
Disciples this time.
And I can't even
guarantee your success.
Intriguing, hm?
This one, at his core,
is still a father.
He remains silent for now,
but there's no telling
what his next move will be.
Killvearn: So, eliminate
the sleeping Dragon?
Narrator: Dai
and his friends join
the assembly of
warriors in Carl Kingdom.
And as the group approach
the enemy stronghold
in the Field of Death,
they rekindle
their determination
to beat the Dark King.
Meanwhile, Killvearn closes
in on his new target, Baran.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"To the Final Battleground".